c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe.config
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.pdb
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiSDK.dll
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Phone.g.cs
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneSetting.g.cs
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Phone.baml
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneSetting.baml
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.g.resources
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.pdb
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Forward.g.cs
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\TransferWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Forward.baml
c:\users\jbant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\TransferWindow.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe.config
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.pdb
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.pdb
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiSDK.dll
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Forward.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Phone.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneSetting.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\TransferWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Forward.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Phone.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneSetting.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\TransferWindow.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.g.resources
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jbant\Source\Repos\crmextensions\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe.config
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.pdb
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.exe
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiDemo.pdb
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\bin\Debug\OzekiSDK.dll
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Forward.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Phone.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneSetting.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\TransferWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Forward.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\Phone.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneSetting.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\TransferWindow.baml
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.g.resources
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jbant\Desktop\OzekiDemo\OzekiDemo\obj\Debug\OzekiDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
